Implement eject command (#2)
IntuitiveWebSolutions/gen3-template: README.md

```
yarn run lint:fix
```

### Ejecting template specific files from the project

> Running this command deletes all template specific files, namely documentation READMEs and the files that live inside `.gen3-template` directory. This is an irreversible change (well, not really, you can get the files back if you know your way around `git`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running this command deletes all template specific files, namely documentation READMEs and the files that live inside `.gen3-template` directory. This is an irreversible change (well, not really, if you're using version control).

**Note**: `eject` deletes documentation files tagged with `<!-- template-doc -->` magic comments at the top of the file. If you've copied doc files to create your own internal docs, make sure to remove that comment!
```
